Rating Rationale
July 05, 2024 | Mumbai
Archean Chemical Industries Limited
Rating upgraded to 'CRISIL A/Stable'; Rated amount enhanced for Bank Debt
 
Rating Action
Total Bank Loan Facilities Rated Rs.205 Crore (Enhanced from Rs.165 Crore)
Long Term Rating CRISIL A/Stable (Upgraded from ŌĆśCRISIL A-/StableŌĆÖ)
Note: None of the Directors on CRISIL Ratings LimitedŌĆÖs Board are members of rating committee and thus do not participate in discussion or assignment of anyratings. The Board of Directors also does not discuss any ratings at its meetings.1 crore = 10 millionRefer to Annexure for Details of Instruments & Bank Facilities
Detailed Rationale
CRISIL Ratings has upgraded its rating on the long-term bank facilities of Archean Chemical Industries Ltd (ACIL) to
ŌĆśCRISIL A/StableŌĆÖ from ŌĆśCRISIL A-/StableŌĆÖ.
 
The upgrade reflects the sustained healthy business risk profile supported by market leadership in the export of liquid
bromine, diversified product portfolio, longstanding relationships with customers and healthy operating efficiency due to
lower cost of production. The upgrade also considers the high entry barrier due to the quantum of investment required and
long gestation period (4-5 years) for brine field development, limited availability of natural resource, and hence moderate
competitive intensity.
 
The rating reflects the companyŌĆÖs adequate financial risk profile because of a large networth of around Rs 1,700 crore as on
March 31, 2024, and healthy cash surplus of Rs 400 crore. These strengths are partially offset by the inherent volatility in
realisations of products, customer concentration with top 10 customers contributing about 70% of the revenues of ACIL in
fiscal 2024, vulnerability of output to heavy rains, and exposure to risks associated with single location plants.
 
Business risk profile is supported by a diversified product base. Revenue declined 7% on-year in fiscal 2024 due to
moderation in volumes and realisations of bromine, which fell 7% and 35%, respectively. The decline in bromine realisations
to Rs 247 per kilogram (kg) in fiscal 2024 from Rs 278 per kg in fiscal 2023 was after a steep increase in fiscals 2022 and
2023 due to supply chain issues. However, improvement in volumes of industrial salt, backed by enhanced capacity and
stable prices, partially offset the fall in revenue. This altered product mix, which led to moderation in operating profitability to
36.2% in fiscal 2024 (though still healthy) from 45.7% in fiscal 2023. The fall in margin was limited due to reduction in power
costs by Rs 35 crore due to reduction in the input costs, higher process efficiency and with commissioning of 66 kilovolt-
amperes (kVA) lines.
 
The company enters into 3 to 9-month fixed price contracts for bromine and 12 to 24-month fixed price and volume
contracts for industrial salt, which provide adequate revenue visibility. While bromine prices have started to recover, due to
long term contracts, its realisation will decline in fiscal 2025 because of weak offtake from the export markets, albeit
volumes are expected to register growth. Industrial salt volumes are expected to continue their growth trajectory with
planned capacity expansion of 6 million tonne (MT) in fiscal 2025 from 4.8 MT. Despite moderation in bromine prices,
supported by better performance of the industrial salt segment, incremental revenue from phase 1 of bromine derivative
products and revenue from newly acquired entity, Oren Hydrocarbon Pvt Ltd (OHPL), will support growth. With improving
bromine realisation, and offtake in bromine derivative products and OHPL, revenue is expected to cross Rs 1,500-1,700
crore.
 
Bromine derivatives plant has been constructed under wholly owned subsidiary, Acume Chemical Pvt Ltd (ACPL), at a
project cost of Rs 251 crore and will have capacity of 28,000 metric tonne per annum (TPA). Phase 1 of the project included
capacity of 18,000 MTPA to manufacture clear brine fluids (CBF), and catalyst for Poly terephthalic acid(PTA) synthesis
(HBr) has been completed and will commence commercial operations in the second quarter of fiscal 2025. Phase 2, which
involves flame retardants, was earlier expected to be completed in fiscal 2024 itself. However, due to muted demand
scenario and increased pricing pressure, the project is now expected to be completed by the end of fiscal 2025 or early
fiscal 2026. ACIL had increased bromine capacity to 42,500 MTPA in January 2023 from 28,500 MTPA for captive
consumption. Due to integrated nature of operations, ACPL is expected to make operating profits from the first year of its
operations.
 
ACIL won the bid to acquire OHPL, which was under liquidation, in January 2024 through its wholly owned subsidiary,
Ideallis Chemicals Pvt Ltd (ICPL), for a consideration of Rs 77 crore. The product profile of OHPL includes mud chemicals
that find application in oil drilling. This will complement the CBF, which will be produced in ACPL and is used in oil drilling.
The acquisition will enable ACIL to offer an expanded basket of products. OHPLŌĆÖs plants have not been operational for the
past 4-5 years, and refurbishment and other necessary approvals will have to be completed for operating the plant. ACIL is
awaiting final approval from the National Company Law Tribunal during  which it has started the phased refurbishment of its
plants. Peak revenue of OHPL was Rs 400-450 crore and operating profitability 10-12% in fiscal 2016/17 The company is
expected to incur operational losses in fiscal 2025, but gradually improve profitability over the medium term.
 
ACIL completed its initial public offering (IPO) in November 2022, from which it raised Rs 1,432 crore. Of this, Rs 805 crore
was from a fresh issue of shares and and part of it was used to redeem the non-convertible debentures (NCDs) of India
Resurgence Fund(IRF), while the rest were offer for sale. ACIL incurred capital expenditure (capex) of Rs 200 crore in fiscal
2024 towards phase 1 of the bromine derivatives project, expansion of industrial salt capacity, commissioning of 66 kVA
lines and acquisition of OHPL. ACPL had contracted Rs 90 crore of long-term debt to fund phase 1, while the remaining was
funded through internal accrual. At a consolidated level, annual capex is Rs 150-200 crore in fiscals 2025 and 2026 towards
phase 2 of the bromine derivatives project, expansion of industrial salt capacity and refurbishment of OHPLŌĆÖs plant.
Additional debt of about Rs 76 crore will be contracted for the capex, and the rest will be funded through internal accrual. As
on March 31, 2024 on a consolidated basis, debt was Rs 61 crore and cash surplus over Rs 400 crore. Supported by
healthy networth of ~Rs 1,700 crore as on March 31, 2024, gearing is expected to be strong at less than 0.1 time as on
March 31, 2025. Debt protection metrics were robust, with debt/earnings before interest, depreciation, tax and amortization
(Ebitda) and interest coverage ratios of 0.12 time and 59.07 times, respectively, in fiscal 2024. Though  phase 2 of the
project at ACPL is expected to be debt funded, financial risk profile will remain healthy over the medium term due to high
cash generation.
Analytical Approach
CRISIL Ratings has consolidated ACIL with its subsidiaries, ACPL, ICPL, and Neun Infra Pvt Ltd (NIPL), as well as with its
stepdown subsidiaries since all the entities are in the same business and have a common management.
 
Please refer Annexure - List of Entities Consolidated, which captures the list of entities considered and their analytical treatment of consolidation.
Key Rating Drivers & Detailed Description
Strengths:
Healthy market presence and diversified product offerings: ACIL is one of the leading players in the bromine
segment with the largest capacity in India. The company holds 60-70% market share in bromine exports. It is also one
of the largest producers of industrial salt in India with capacity of over 4.8 million MTPA, which will be enhanced to 6 MT
in fiscal 2025. The industrial salt produced is fully exported to Japan, South Korea, and China. Sojitz Corporation (Sojitz,
rated ŌĆśBBB/StableŌĆÖ by S&P Global Ratings) is the companyŌĆÖs largest customer for industrial salt with committed offtake of
~2.2 million MTPA, which it subsequently distributes across South Korea, Japan and China. Also, ACIL is the only player
in Asia to produce sulfate of potash (SOP) from natural resources, which is used as fertilisers for chlorine sensitive
crops. Revenue contribution from SOP has been on a declining trend as production is impacted by the high level of
sodium chloride in raw material, thereby impacting yield. However, revenue improved in fiscal 2024 with offtake from
customers. In fiscal 2023, bromine and industrial salt contributed 50% each to the total revenue. However, due to
moderation in bromine prices and better performance of industrial salt, product mix changed with bromine contribution
declining to 34% and industrial salt contribution increasing to 64%. While the contribution from bromine is expected to
decline further in fiscal 2025 with moderation in prices, the contribution from CBF, HBr and OHPL will aid revenue profile
in fiscal 2025 and beyond. 
 
Healthy operating efficiency: Profitability has been 35-40% between fiscals 2021 and 2024 due to steep increase in
bromine prices, favourable product mix and low cost of production because of fully integrated facility and quality of sea
brine available in the Rann of Kutch. The steaming out process used to extract bromine is more cost effective than the
blowing out process used in China and Japan. However, the companyŌĆÖs operations are power-intensive, which is met
from cogeneration via a thermal plant. Industrial salt and SOP are also produced through relatively cost-effective
processes, resulting in overall production cost being lower than domestic and global peers. While operating margin is
expected to moderate due to product mix and lower profitability in ACPL and OHPL, it is still expected to remain strong
at 25-30% in the near term. Successful ramp-up of utilisation levels at ACPL would also support profitability over the
medium term.
 
Adequate financial risk profile: Networth was substantial at Rs 1,700 crore as on March 31, 2024, supported by IPO
proceeds of Rs 805 crore in November 2022 and healthy operating cash flows in recent years. Sizeable capex addition
in the recent past has led to sufficient capacity for key products. Pre-IPO, debt was elevated due to high-cost NCDs and
a volatile operating profitability, which led to aggressive debt metrics. Debt moderated after NCDs were retired, thereby
trengthening debt protection metrics. Consolidated debt was Rs 90 crore for phase 1 of the bromine derivative project.
An additional term loan of Rs 76 crore will be availed of over the next two fiscals to fund phase 2 of the bromine
derivative plant. Despite debt addition, consolidated financial risk profile is expected to remain healthy due to steady
cash generation and continuing healthy liquid surplus. Debt to Ebitda is expected to increase to 0.3-0.4 times due to
project-related debt, while interest coverage ratio is expected to remain healthy at over 30 times in fiscal 2025. Any
sizeable outgo resulting in large debt addition or material depletion of cash surpluses will be monitorable.
 
Weaknesses:
Volatility in realisations of bromine and industrial salt: Realisations of bromine and industrial salt increased 2 times
and 1.8 times, respectively, during fiscals 2018-2023, which led to revenue increase of 3.3 times. Healthy demand for
bromine and industrial salt, supply chain disruptions and reduced Chinese production due to resource depletion have
firmed up realisations. After the highs seen in fiscal 2023, bromine prices declined 35% in fiscal 2024 and are expected
to fall further in fiscal 2025. While better performance of the industrial salt segment mitigated steep fall in revenue, the
company remains exposed to volatility in realisations, despite fixed-price contracts of 1-2 years. ACIL also enters into
simple forward contracts, which will help mitigate the volatility.
 
Product and customer concentration: Revenue contribution from industrial salt and bromine stood at 64% and 34%,
respectively, in fiscal 2024. However, this is partially offset by some degree of diversity through end markets and diverse
end use applications for the product.  
 
ACIL also derives ~25% of revenue from its top customer, Sojitz, and ~70% from its top 10 customers. The
concentration risk is particularly high in industrial salt wherein it only has 4-5 customers, and Sojitz accounts for 60-65%
of the revenue. However, Sojitz is more a distribution company, supplying to multiple customers across Japan and
South Korea. Also, end-user base is diverse in the bromine segment with about 43 customers in both the domestic and
export markets. Increased production of SOP and timely ramp up of operations in the bromine derivative plant will help
diversify product portfolio.
 
Vulnerability to climatic conditions and natural phenomena: Manufacturing facility is in Hajipir, Gujarat. Such
locational concentration exposes the company to adverse weather and natural occurrences, as well as to regulatory,
economic, demographic and other changes. The companyŌĆÖs operations can be significantly impacted by higher-than-
expected rains in plantŌĆÖs area. Generally, the performance is relatively muted in the first two quarters of the fiscal due to
monsoon, which dilutes sea brine, thereby reducing yield. Also, Jakhau jetty, which is used to transport industrial salt, is
closed during monsoon and hence also impacts logistics. ACIL has taken steps to mitigate this impact by constructing
ponds to store high-density brines and feed enrichment section.
 
The companyŌĆÖs facility and brine reserves are on land that is held on lease. It entered into a memorandum of
understanding (MOU) with the Government of Gujarat during the Vibrant Gujarat Summit dated January 13, 2005, and
subsequently entered into a land lease agreement with the state government on July 14, 2008. It also executed a
supplementary agreement on August 10, 2010. Subsequent to the expiry on July 31, 2018, a renewal application was
filed on December 28, 2017, as per the guidelines laid down by the state government. As per the MOU and lease
agreement, the lease term can be extended for a duration and conditions as mutually agreed. ACIL has been receiving
demand notes annually for the revised lease rents as per the state government circular, and the management has been
making these payments regularly. If the land lease is not renewed or terminated by the Gujarat government, the
company may be required to relocate its operations or shut down its facility.
Liquidity: Strong
Liquidity is driven by healthy cash surplus of Rs 400 crore as on March 31, 2024, and expected steady cash accrual of over
Rs 200 crore per annum over the medium term. Fund-based limit of Rs 200 crore has been sparsely utilised. Debt obligation
of Rs 28 crore per annum from fiscal 2026 onwards will be serviced through internal accrual. Liquid surplus is expected to
continue at a similar level over the medium term.
Outlook: Stable
Business risk profile is expected to remain steady over the medium term, supported by established market position in
bromine, healthy customer relationships, competitive cost of production, high operating efficiency and forward integration
into bromine derivatives. The company is also expected to sustain its adequate financial risk profile, supported by strong
cash generation and prudent funding of capacity addition.
Rating Sensitivity factors
Upward factors:
Steady revenue growth with improvement in product diversity and operating margin of over 30% leading to better-than-
anticipated cash generation
Sustenance of adequate financial risk profile and strong liquidity
 
Downward factors:
Material moderation in realisation leading to significant revenue degrowth, and sustained decline in operating
profitability below 15-18% impacting cash generation
Higher-than-expected debt-funded capex or acquisition, or any undue stretch in working capital cycle weakening debt
metrics
Support extended to group companies or sizeable cash used for inorganic growth depleting cash surplus, thereby
affecting financial risk profile
Material impact on operations due to non-renewal of leasehold land containing brine reserves
Time and cost overruns at the plant of ACPL, and delays in stabilizing capacity post-commissioning
About the Company
ACIL is a leading speciality chemical manufacturing company with wide presence in the global markets. It was incorporated
in 2009 and has a processing facility in the Rann of Kutch. The plant is an integrated facility with capability to produce
bromine, industrial salt and SOP. ACIL is the largest exporter of bromine and industrial salt from India, and among the
lowest cost producers of bromine and industrial salt globally.
 
Raw material, brine, is found in the brine reserves of Rann of Kutch. The company markets products to 39 global customers
across 13 countries, and to 30 domestic clients. ACIL has its manufacturing plant in Hajipir, Gujarat. It is first of its kind
integrated unit in India to produce industrial salt, bromine and SOP.
 
As on March 31, 2024, the promoter group, led by Mr Ranjit Pendurthi, held 53.45% stake in ACIL, mutual fund comprised
of 11.91%, insurance companies 5.13%, IRF Scheme 1 & 2: 7.38%, and the balance is held by the public and others.
Key Financial Indicators
As on/for the period ended March 31 2024 2023
Revenue Rs Crore 1339 1441
Profit after tax (PAT) Rs Crore 317 384
PAT margin % 23.7 26.6
Adjusted debt/adjusted networth Times 0.04 0.02
Interest coverage Times 59.07 7.0
 
Any other information: Not Applicable
Note on complexity levels of the rated instrument:
CRISIL Ratings` complexity levels are assigned to various types of financial instruments and are included (where
applicable) in the 'Annexure - Details of Instrument' in this Rating Rationale.
CRISIL Ratings will disclose complexity level for all securities - including those that are yet to be placed - based on
available information. The complexity level for instruments may be updated, where required, in the rating rationale
published subsequent to the issuance of the instrument when details on such features are available.
For more details on the CRISIL Ratings` complexity levels please visit www.crisilratings.com. Users may also call the
Customer Service Helpdesk with queries on specific instruments.
Annexure - Details of Instrument(s)
ISIN Name of the instrumentDate of
Allotment
Coupon
Rate (%)
Maturity
Date
Issue size
(Rs. Crore)
Complexity
Level
Rating assigned
with outlook
NA Fund based facilities NA NA NA 200 NA CRISIL A/Stable
NA Proposed Fund-Based Bank LimitsNA NA NA 5 NA CRISIL A/Stable
Annexure ŌĆō List of entities consolidated
Names of entities consolidated Extent of
consolidation Rationale for consolidation
Acume Chemicals Private Limited Full Wholly owned subsidiary; business and financial linkages
Ideallis Chemicals Private Limited Full Wholly owned subsidiary; business and financial linkages
Neun Infra Private Limited Full Wholly owned subsidiary; business and financial linkages
Oren Hydrocarbons Pvt Ltd Full Wholly owned subsidiary; business and financial linkages
SicSem Pvt Ltd Full Wholly owned subsidiary; business and financial linkages
Annexure - Rating History for last 3 Years
 Current 2024 (History) 2023 2022 2021 Start of2021
Instrument Type OutstandingAmount Rating Date Rating Date Rating Date Rating Date Rating Rating
Fund BasedFacilities LT 205.0 CRISILA/Stable  -- 30-06-23 CRISILA-/Stable  --  -- --
All amounts are in Rs.Cr.
Annexure - Details of Bank Lenders & Facilities
Facility Amount (Rs.Crore) Name of Lender Rating
Fund-Based Facilities 45 HDFC Bank Limited CRISIL A/Stable
Fund-Based Facilities 40 HDFC Bank Limited CRISIL A/Stable
Fund-Based Facilities 115 ICICI Bank Limited CRISIL A/Stable
Proposed Fund-Based
Bank Limits 5 Not Applicable CRISIL A/Stable
Criteria Details
Links to related criteria
CRISILs Approach to Financial Ratios
CRISILs Bank Loan Ratings - process, scale and default recognition
Rating criteria for manufaturing and service sector companies
Rating Criteria for Chemical Industry
CRISILs Criteria for Consolidation
Media Relations Analytical Contacts Customer Service Helpdesk
Aveek Datta
Media Relations
CRISIL Limited
M: +91 99204 93912
B: +91 22 3342 3000
AVEEK.DATTA@crisil.com
Anuj Sethi
Senior Director
CRISIL Ratings Limited
B:+91 44 6656 3100
anuj.sethi@crisil.com
Timings: 10.00 am to 7.00 pm
Toll free Number:1800 267 1301
For a copy of Rationales / Rating Reports:
CRISILratingdesk@crisil.com
 
Prakruti Jani
Media Relations
CRISIL Limited
M: +91 98678 68976
B: +91 22 3342 3000
PRAKRUTI.JANI@crisil.com
Rutuja Gaikwad 
Media Relations
CRISIL Limited
B: +91 22 3342 3000
Rutuja.Gaikwad@ext-crisil.com
Poonam Upadhyay
Director
CRISIL Ratings Limited
B:+91 22 3342 3000
poonam.upadhyay@crisil.com
Sree Sankar
Manager
CRISIL Ratings Limited
B:+91 44 6656 3100
Sree.Madhu@crisil.com
For Analytical queries:
ratingsinvestordesk@crisil.com
Note for Media:This rating rationale is transmitted to you for the sole purpose of dissemination through your newspaper/magazine/agency. The rating rationale may beused by you in full or in part without changing the meaning or context thereof but with due credit to CRISIL Ratings. However, CRISIL Ratings alone hasthe sole right of distribution (whether directly or indirectly) of its rationales for consideration or otherwise through any media including websites and portals.
About CRISIL Ratings Limited (A subsidiary of CRISIL Limited, an S&P Global Company)
CRISIL Ratings pioneered the concept of credit rating in India in 1987. With a tradition of independence, analytical rigour and
innovation, we set the standards in the credit rating business. We rate the entire range of debt instruments, such as bank loans,
certificates of deposit, commercial paper, non-convertible/convertible/partially convertible bonds and debentures, perpetual
bonds, bank hybrid capital instruments, asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities, partial guarantees and other structured
debt instruments. We have rated over 33,000 large and mid-scale corporates and financial institutions. We have also instituted
several innovations in India in the rating business, including ratings for municipal bonds, partially guaranteed instruments and
infrastructure investment trusts (InvITs).
 
CRISIL Ratings Limited ('CRISIL Ratings') is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CRISIL Limited ('CRISIL'). CRISIL Ratings Limited is
registered in India as a credit rating agency with the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI").
 
For more information, visit www.crisilratings.com 
 
About CRISIL Limited
CRISIL is a leading, agile and innovative global analytics company driven by its mission of making markets function better. 
It is IndiaŌĆÖs foremost provider of ratings, data, research, analytics and solutions with a strong track record of growth, culture of
innovation, and global footprint.
It has delivered independent opinions, actionable insights, and efficient solutions to over 100,000 customers through businesses
that operate from India, the US, the UK, Argentina, Poland, China, Hong Kong and Singapore.
It is majority owned by S&P Global Inc, a leading provider of transparent and independent ratings, benchmarks, analytics and
data to the capital and commodity markets worldwide.
For more information, visit www.crisil.com
Connect with us: TWITTER | LINKEDIN | YOUTUBE | FACEBOOK
CRISIL PRIVACY NOTICE CRISIL respects your privacy. We may use your contact information, such as your name, address and email id to fulfil your request and service youraccount and to provide you with additional information from CRISIL. For further information on CRISIL's privacy policy please visit www.crisil.com.
DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is part of and applies to each credit ra ng report and/or credit ra ng ra onale ('report') that is provided by
CRISIL Ra ngs Limited ('CRISIL Ra ngs'). To avoid doubt, the term 'report' includes the informa on, ra ngs and other content
forming part of the report. The report is intended for the jurisdic on of India only. This report does not cons tute an o’¼Ćer of
services. Without limi ng the generality of the foregoing, nothing in the report is to be construed as CRISIL Ra ngs providing
or intending to provide any services in jurisdic ons where CRISIL Ra ngs does not have the necessary licenses and/or
registra on to carry out its business ac vi es referred to above. Access or use of this report does not create a client
rela onship between CRISIL Ra ngs and the user.
We are not aware that any user intends to rely on the report or of the manner in which a user intends to use the report. In
preparing our report we have not taken into considera on the objec ves or par cular needs of any par cular user. It is made
abundantly clear that the report is not intended to and does not cons tute an investment advice. The report is not an o’¼Ćer to
sell or an o’¼Ćer to purchase or subscribe for any investment in any securi es, instruments, facili es or solicita on of any kind to
enter into any deal or transac on with the en ty to which the report pertains. The report should not be the sole or primary
basis for any investment decision within the meaning of any law or regula on (including the laws and regula ons applicable in
the US).
Ra ngs from CRISIL Ra ngs are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or
recommenda ons to purchase, hold or sell any securi es/instruments or to make any investment decisions. Any opinions
expressed here are in good faith, are subject to change without no ce, and are only current as of the stated date of their
issue. CRISIL Ra ngs assumes no obliga on to update its opinions following publica on in any form or format although CRISIL
Ra ngs may disseminate its opinions and analysis. The ra ng contained in the report is not a subs tute for the skill, judgment
and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment or other business
decisions. The recipients of the report should rely on their own judgment and take their own professional advice before ac ng
on the report in any way. CRISIL Ra ngs or its associates may have other commercial transac ons with the en ty to which the
report pertains.
Neither CRISIL Ra ngs nor its a’¼āliates, third-party providers, as well as their directors, o’¼ācers, shareholders, employees or
agents (collec vely, 'CRISIL Ra ngs Par es') guarantee the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of the report, and no CRISIL
Ra ngs Party shall have any liability for any errors, omissions or interrup ons therein, regardless of the cause, or for the
results obtained from the use of any part of the report. EACH CRISIL RATINGS PARTY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SUITABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE. In no event shall any CRISIL Ra ngs Party be liable to any party for any direct, indirect,
incidental, exemplary, compensatory, puni ve, special or consequen al damages, costs, expenses, legal fees or losses
(including, without limita on, lost income or lost pro’¼üts and opportunity costs) in connec on with any use of any part of the
report even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
CRISIL Ra ngs may receive compensa on for its ra ngs and certain credit-related analyses, normally from issuers or
underwriters of the instruments, facili es, securi es or from obligors. Public ra ngs and analysis by CRISIL Ra ngs, as are
required to be disclosed under the regula ons of the Securi es and Exchange Board of India (and other applicable regula ons,
if any), are made available on its website, www.crisilra ngs.com (free of charge). Reports with more detail and addi onal
informa on may be available for subscrip on at a fee - more details about ra ngs by CRISIL Ra ngs are available here:
www.crisilra ngs.com.
CRISIL Ra ngs and its a’¼āliates do not act as a ’¼üduciary. While CRISIL Ra ngs has obtained informa on from sources it believes
to be reliable, CRISIL Ra ngs does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent veri’¼üca on of
any informa on it receives and/or relies on in its reports. CRISIL Ra ngs has established policies and procedures to maintain
the con’¼üden ality of certain non-public informa on received in connec on with each analy cal process. CRISIL Ra ngs has in
place a ra ngs code of conduct and policies for managing con’¼éict of interest. For details please refer to:
h ps://www.crisil.com/en/home/our-businesses/ra ngs/regulatory-disclosures/highlighted-policies.html.
Ra ng criteria by CRISIL Ra ngs are generally available without charge to the public on the CRISIL Ra ngs public website,
www.crisilra ngs.com. For latest ra ng informa on on any instrument of any company rated by CRISIL Ra ngs, you may
contact the CRISIL Ra ngs desk at crisilra ngdesk@crisil.com, or at (0091) 1800 267 1301.
This report should not be reproduced or redistributed to any other person or in any form without prior wri en consent from
CRISIL Ra ngs.
All rights reserved @ CRISIL Ra ngs Limited. CRISIL Ra ngs is a wholly owned subsidiary of CRISIL Limited.
 
 
CRISIL Ratings uses the prefix 'PP-MLD' for the ratings of principal-protected market-linked debentures (PPMLD) with effect
from November 1, 2011, to comply with the SEBI circular, "Guidelines for Issue and Listing of Structured Products/Market Linked
Debentures". The revision in rating symbols for PPMLDs should not be construed as a change in the rating of the subject
instrument. For details on CRISIL Ratings' use of 'PP-MLD' please refer to the notes to Rating scale for Debt Instruments and
Structured Finance Instruments at the following link: h ps://www.crisil.com/en/home/our-businesses/ra ngs/credit-ra ngs-scale.html